pull_request_template.md, before:

# Description

Fixes # (issue)

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Change Status

- [ ] Complete, tested, ready to review and merge
- [ ] Complete, but not tested (may need new tests)
- [ ] Incomplete/work-in-progress, PR is for discussion/feedback

# How Has This Been Tested?

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

# Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] My code has been reviewed by at least one peer
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] There are no merge conflicts

Commit message:

updated the PR template for what we have used most

pull_request_template.md, after:

# Description

[TRY ME](#add your staged deployment link here)

Fixes # (issue) <-- this is for issue numbers from GitHub,
if squashing a bug from Trello, please add a link to that card here instead

Please add a list of what someone reviewing the PR
should be expecting from this PR.
This will include the

- functionality you created/updated
- packages you added and why you added them
- documentation you added

## Type of change

Please delete options that are not relevant.

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- [ ] This change requires a documentation update

## Change Status

- [ ] Complete, tested, ready to review and merge
- [ ] Complete, but not tested (may need new tests)
- [ ] Incomplete/work-in-progress, PR is for discussion/feedback

# How Has This Been Tested?

- [ ] Test A
- [ ] Test B

# Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code
- [ ] My code has been reviewed by at least one peer
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes
- [ ] There are no merge conflicts
